beautiful and flirtatious people are welcome
to a life of this channel and the theme of
today is
biology man for many people the
knowing that is knowing the male sex to
100 percent and I'm talking about
comments with men we are the
dominant species we are on top of
the evolutionary scale
and things like that although almost
always a name will say things
positive about their own sex though
I argue strongly that there is as
opinion has been nefarious and real of a
woman
man there is not much to understand them
I say we are not as complicated as a
woman since we limit ourselves to
think of only one thing
yes
do not judge us really is very
complicated to repress our instincts
lower always think of bodies
powerful
apart from 02 sex maniacs and
perverts we are also extremely
positives
most men think that
having many girls in bed is
synonymous with greatness of being one can
be a casanova and more among friends
that boast talking about those
things then after the party I
I take her to one of the rooms and she
I did every night
we think we are winners because
our friends congratulate us but what
would happen if we hired him to sex
opposite women then all night
but you will not even occur to
defend yourself with arguments because I wanted to
this body
but there are also positive things
in men as for example
we are not hypocrites greet
coexistence let's prove means that
we want more that person thing that the
women had never been
and good
you're looking idiot daddy always
follow and we have another because it would not be
better to say that it is quoted to pieces
copy
really men we never give many
samples of affection and love unless
special with our brides but in
many cases if we mix friends with
courtship is this
and surely the female audience is already
is feeling offended by what I'm
showing but women do not stay
back in that aspect more
there
click on winds and rebuys with us
always together
best
also when we try to define ourselves
as people there is not much to say
especially from your country of the marcher
maybe if we collect all the things
horrific and nefarious that define us
as men would surely be
Y
his side
is
what the fuck
so is
yes
fine and I say end the video today
he left you all the information so that
let's be in touch write my name
let's hope you 're here early
and obviously watching a new video
peace
you can see hell
juicy
this body of your body
body
yes
in fact, the more violence we show